
### Writing samples
---

1. [Borg backup: a simple guide for MacOS users](borg-guide.md): This is a short technical guide I wrote for my sister so she could backup her files using Borg Backup (an application considered by many to be the holy grail of backups). This guide is informal and tailored specifically for my sister who has context of what I'm talking about. I haven't generalised it, because it makes for an interesting study on how differently information can be arranged and curated depending on where the reader is in their learning journey. It's also interesting to see how undaunting the information can be when presented in the right order and, more importantly, how minuscule the quantity of information can be in order for lay people to benefit from complex systems — massive assymetry. Even in the pursuit of knowledge, the Pareto principle reveals itself. However, it does take someone who has mastered the subject in order to pick out the bits that are pertinent and order them per their impact.

2. [Bitcoin letter](bitcoin-letter.md): This is a heartfelt letter to my family and friends urging them to protect their savings. I've posted it because it serves as sample of my long-form writing and hopefully helps someone along the way.

3. [Salesforce Basic Report](salesforce.md): This is a step-by-step guide to walk users through the process of creating a basic report in Salesforce. Images are low resolution as they pulled directly from [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FprCnEnz07U) (Salesforce didn't provide a free trial, and their support team didn't help). Dummy links are used in the *Next Steps* section. Table of Contents hasn't been added, as it requires minor tweaks to the mdbook code to display it as a right-panel, typical of modern user-guides.